Add reusable prompt files docs (#7975)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/copilot/copilot-customization.md

* `setting(github.copilot.chat.reviewSelection.instructions)` _(Preview)_: A set of instructions that will be added to Copilot requests for reviewing the current editor selection.
* `setting(github.copilot.chat.commitMessageGeneration.instructions)` <i class="codicon codicon-beaker"></i>: A set of instructions that will be added to Copilot requests that generate commit messages.

## Reusable Prompt Files (Preview)

> Prompt Files in GitHub Copilot Chat are designed to streamline workflows, enhance collaboration, and bring domain-specific expertise to you and your team's fingertips. With reusable and shareable prompts, you can save time, maintain consistency, and tackle complex tasks with ease. While the existing file-based custom instructions help to add codebase-wide context to each AI workflow, developers can add specific prompts as they need them, which makes them scale to the complexity of larger multi-faceted codebases.

Reviewer: - Suggest to drop some of the marketing language - might still be useful for the blog.
- Lead with what Prompt files are and focus on the capabilities.

> Prompt Files in GitHub Copilot Chat are designed to streamline workflows, enhance collaboration, and bring domain-specific expertise to you and your team's fingertips. With reusable and shareable prompts, you can save time, maintain consistency, and tackle complex tasks with ease. While the existing file-based custom instructions help to add codebase-wide context to each AI workflow, developers can add specific prompts as they need them, which makes them scale to the complexity of larger multi-faceted codebases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prompt files (_Prompts_) let you build and share reusable prompt instructions with additional context. A Prompt file is a Markdown file that mimics the existing format of writing prompts in Copilot Chat (for example, `Rewrite #file:x.ts`). This allows blending natural language instructions, additional context, and even linking to other Prompt files as dependencies.

While custom instructions help to add codebase-wide context to each AI workflow, Prompts let you add instructions to a specific chat interaction.
```

### Example

`react-form.prompt.md` documents a re-usable task for generating a form:

```markdown
Your goal is to generate a new React form component.

Ask for the form name and fields if not provided.

Requirements for the form:
- Use form design system components: [design-system/Form.md](../docs/design-system/Form.md)
- Use `react-hook-form` for form state management:
  - Always define TypeScript types for your form data
  - Prefer *uncontrolled* components using register
  - Use `defaultValues` to prevent unnecessary rerenders
- Use `yup` for validation:
  - Create reusable validation schemas in separate files
  - Use TypeScript types to ensure type safety
  - Customize UX-friendly validation rules
```

`security-api.prompt.md` documents re-usable security practices for REST APIs, which can be used to do security reviews of REST APIs:

```markdown
Secure REST API review:
- Ensure all endpoints are protected by authentication and authorization
- Validate all user inputs and sanitize data
- Implement rate limiting and throttling
- Implement logging and monitoring for security events
…
```

### Usage

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Prompt file names are suffixed with the `.prompt.md` extension. You can add multiple Prompt files to your workspace.

```

> While the feature is in preview, make sure that `setting(chat.promptFiles)` is enabled in your settings. Set it to `true` or a string/array of folders to define where prompt files are stored (default is `.github/prompts`).

Reviewer: Will this setting only be valid for preview? Otherwise:

"To enable Prompt files, configure the `setting(chat.promptFiles)` VS Code setting. Set it to `true` or a string/array of folders where Prompt files are stored. The default location for Prompt files is the `.github/prompts` folder."
